around one in the south stop district
flour mill after colliding with
passing car off road
turned mazda tribute crossover
stuck on tram tracks due to
immediately two factors against emergency
maneuvering and changing trajectories in
the result of the collision is elegantly issued
from the roadway parquet SUV
the driver is much more modest in size
toyota premio
motorists drove in one direction but by
a number of different chauffeur passenger cars
moving in the second lane
because the first one was bad
cleaned tribute having more clearance
and the suspension is stronger master led by
extreme right
a sliding blow ended the attempt
chauffeur premium roll on street uritskogo
he clearly did not see anyone approaching from behind
the car was rearranged from the second row
the first was not necessary to turn here
all hit main record
DVR now with Harry will
to understand he flew for me bye
the traffic police officers arrived
papers tribute owner pointed to
traces in favor of him
innocence both cars are left on
snow clear furrows like an illustration
to rule and evenness angles of incidence and
reflection
riding the first row crossover
slid on board premium beaten out of course
jumped on the rails here's the brake
in traffic gold on this extreme
a number of Ufa only turned back the owner
Mazda did not expect that riding
ahead the driver will suddenly start turning
to the right he unexpectedly turned on the pointer
turning and immediately set about to maneuver
well, at a distance of five meters
turns well in just two seconds
that time
driver premium thought he was driving by
he copied the rules to the cops
video of his registrar
the conviction that this will help remove
him accusations
however, everything happened exactly the opposite
premiere took place right in
car on duty at all
stakeholders ah yes strike 10
seconds here is the chauffeur premium rebuilt
from the first row of 2 drives up to
turn right and maneuver almost
middle of the road camera impassively
recorded a happy accident
tribute flying centimeters at thirty
from the traffic light post to say that the driver
award after seeing with my own eyes
was upset means to say nothing
the culprit clash called precisely
his injured in an accident there is no place
Incidents of Maria Sklyarov and Stepan
simonov